Enhance project description (#97)
engelmi/hirte: README.md

# Hirte

> Hirte is a container orchestrator intended for edge based clusters with predefined number of nodes and with the focus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hirte is a container orchestrator tool intended for multi-node low-resource devices (e.g.: edge devices) clusters with a predefined number of nodes and with a focus
```

Author: Done

> to functional safety (for example in cars). It's based on [systemd](https://github.com/systemd/systemd) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on highly regulated environment such as those requiring functional safety (for example in cars). It's based on [systemd](https://github.com/systemd/systemd) and
```

Author: Done

[podman](https://github.com/containers/podman/) to allow execution of containers defined as systemd services.

## How to contribute

### Submitting patches

Patches are welcome!

Please submit patches to [github.com:containers/hirte](https://github.com/containers/hirte).
More infomation about the development can be found in [README.developer](https://github.com/containers/hirte/README.developer.md).

If you are not familiar with the development process you can read about it in
[Get started with GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started).

### Found a bug or documentation issue?
To submit a bug or suggest an enhancement for hirte please use

> [oVirt GitHub issues](https://github.com/containers/hirte/issues).

Reviewer: oVirt?
```suggestion
[GitHub issues](https://github.com/containers/hirte/issues).
```

Author: Done

# Hirte

> Hirte is a container orchestrator tool intended for multi-node low-resource devices (e.g.: edge devices) clusters

Reviewer 2: I think containers are not a must  
It is generic orchestration tool, you can run it among vms

It is IPC (using D-Bus) tool among remote operating systems

Reviewer: that's fair, it's technically a service orchestration tool:
```suggestion
Hirte is a service orchestrator tool intended for multi-node low-resource devices (e.g.: edge devices) clusters
```

Reviewer 3: I would leave out "low-resource" here.  systemd can run on most any Linux system, from servers to minimal embedded systems.

Reviewer: I don' t disagree, I had this in mind when we were mentioning "containers" as a way to distinguish Hirte from the kubernetes' family, but since we're dropped "containers", I agree, we can drop `low-resource`.

Author: Done

with a predefined number of nodes and with a focus on highly regulated environment such as those requiring functional

> safety (for example in cars). It's based on [systemd](https://github.com/systemd/systemd) and

Reviewer 2: It is relaying 
systemd and its auxiliary daemons expose a number of APIs on D-Bus

Author: Done

> [podman](https://github.com/containers/podman/) to allow execution of containers defined as systemd services.

Reviewer 2: Consider, using `process defined as systemd` containers are private use case

Author: OK, I've rephrased it, but I really want to mention the use case with podman and containers here
